Add_corona functionality for dynflu (#86)
smash-transport/smash-vhlle-hybrid: docs/user/configuration_file.md

    However, using this key any file path can be specified.
    This key is ignored if `Add_spectators_from_IC` is set to `false`.

???+ config-key "`Add_corona_from_IC_and_Hydro`"

>     Append the corona particles from the `IC` and `Hydro` stages to the particles sampled in the `Sampler` in an event using dynamic fluidization. If `true`, a :material-file: *particle_lists.oscar* file is expected to exist in the :file_folder: ***IC*** output sub-folder with the same `Run_ID`. The :file_folder: ***Hydro*** folder may contain it or not.

Reviewer: I think a note about the mutually exclusiveness with the `Add_spectators_from_IC` key is important and this should be included in the sanity checks, i.e. the handler should throw when both keys are set to `true`. You should also state the default value.

```suggestion
    Append the corona particles from the `IC` and `Hydro` stages to the particles sampled in the `Sampler` in an event using dynamic fluidization. If `true`, a :material-file: *particle_lists.oscar* file is expected to exist in the :file_folder: ***IC*** output sub-folder with the same `Run_ID`. The :file_folder: ***Hydro*** folder may contain such a file as well. The default value is `false`.

    ⚠️ This key is mutually exclusive with the `Add_spectators_from_IC` key. If both are set to `true`, it will result in an error.
```
